README.md, before:

# The Brew Budz
## "It takes a village to finish a cup." -Guled
## "Many hands make light work- after all, these kegs aren't going to tip over and pour themselves." -Anzel 
## ROMAN BEER QUOTE
## SHANE BEER QUOTE

## Sequelize Passport Example

Use this as a starter for Project 2. Includes configuration for Travis CI, and ESLint. Provides a example login, signup and user pages which should be replaced with implementation for your app. Be sure to read the instructions below for deployment on Heroku and running the app locally.

## Deployment

This app is configured for using GitHub with Travis CI for version control and CI. The project is ready for deployment on Heroku. A JawsDB instance must be provisioned for the Heroku app.

Add a `SERVER_SECRET` to the Heroku config for the app. (See [Configuration and Config Vars](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) to learn how.)

## Running Locally

- Update username, password, and database fields in `/config/config.json` for local MySQL server connection.
- Create a `.env` file in the root folder of the project. The file must include the following:
  ```
  SERVER_SECRET = <your_secret_for_session_signing>
  ```
- Run `npm run watch` to start development server using nodemon.

Commit message:

added beer poem to readMe and ran npm install which created pkg-lock.json

README.md, after:

# The Brew Budz
### "It takes a village to finish a cup." -Guled
### "Many hands make light work- after all, these kegs aren't going to tip over and pour themselves." -Anzel 
### ROMAN BEER QUOTE
### Beer Street 
#### "Beer, happy Product of our Isle 
#### can sinewy Strength impart, 
#### And wearied with Fatigue and Toil can chear each manly heart.
#### "Labour and Art upheld by Thee 
#### Successfully advance, 
#### We quaff Thy balmy Juice with Glee
#### And Water leave to France.
#### Genius of Health, thy grateful Taste
#### Rivals the Cup of Jove, 
#### And warms each English generous Breast
#### With Liberty and Love."

## Sequelize Passport Example

Use this as a starter for Project 2. Includes configuration for Travis CI, and ESLint. Provides a example login, signup and user pages which should be replaced with implementation for your app. Be sure to read the instructions below for deployment on Heroku and running the app locally.

## Deployment

This app is configured for using GitHub with Travis CI for version control and CI. The project is ready for deployment on Heroku. A JawsDB instance must be provisioned for the Heroku app.

Add a `SERVER_SECRET` to the Heroku config for the app. (See [Configuration and Config Vars](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars) to learn how.)

## Running Locally

- Update username, password, and database fields in `/config/config.json` for local MySQL server connection.
- Create a `.env` file in the root folder of the project. The file must include the following:
  ```
  SERVER_SECRET = <your_secret_for_session_signing>
  ```
- Run `npm run watch` to start development server using nodemon.
